com/example/carsevices/MainUserActivity.java
 com.example.carsevices.MainUserActivity
 com.example.carsevices.MainUserActivity$1
 com.example.carsevices.MainUserActivity$2
com/example/carsevices/Getproducts.java
 com.example.carsevices.Getproducts
com/example/carsevices/AdapterProducts.java
 com.example.carsevices.AdapterProducts
 com.example.carsevices.AdapterProducts$Holder
com/example/carsevices/ui/slideshow/SlideshowFragment.java
 com.example.carsevices.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment
 com.example.carsevices.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment$1
com/example/carsevices/GPSTracker.java
 com.example.carsevices.GPSTracker
 com.example.carsevices.GPSTracker$1
 com.example.carsevices.GPSTracker$2
com/example/carsevices/ui/gallery/GalleryFragment.java
 com.example.carsevices.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment
 com.example.carsevices.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment$1
com/example/carsevices/databinding/ProductlayoutBinding.java
 com.example.carsevices.databinding.ProductlayoutBinding
com/example/carsevices/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.carsevices.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/carsevices/databinding/ActivityMapsBinding.java
 com.example.carsevices.databinding.ActivityMapsBinding
com/example/carsevices/databinding/ContentMainUserBinding.java
 com.example.carsevices.databinding.ContentMainUserBinding
com/example/carsevices/databinding/FragmentGalleryBinding.java
 com.example.carsevices.databinding.FragmentGalleryBinding
com/example/carsevices/MapsActivity.java
 com.example.carsevices.MapsActivity
 com.example.carsevices.MapsActivity$1
 com.example.carsevices.MapsActivity$1$1
 com.example.carsevices.MapsActivity$2
com/example/carsevices/GetDepartments.java
 com.example.carsevices.GetDepartments
com/example/carsevices/databinding/NavHeaderMainUserBinding.java
 com.example.carsevices.databinding.NavHeaderMainUserBinding
com/example/carsevices/RegisterActivity.java
 com.example.carsevices.RegisterActivity
 com.example.carsevices.RegisterActivity$1
 com.example.carsevices.RegisterActivity$2
 com.example.carsevices.RegisterActivity$3
com/example/carsevices/AdapterDepartments.java
 com.example.carsevices.AdapterDepartments
 com.example.carsevices.AdapterDepartments$Holder
com/example/carsevices/databinding/DepartmentslayoutBinding.java
 com.example.carsevices.databinding.DepartmentslayoutBinding
com/example/carsevices/databinding/FragmentSlideshowBinding.java
 com.example.carsevices.databinding.FragmentSlideshowBinding
com/example/carsevices/databinding/AppBarMainUserBinding.java
 com.example.carsevices.databinding.AppBarMainUserBinding
com/example/carsevices/Database.java
 com.example.carsevices.Database
com/example/carsevices/ui/slideshow/SlideshowViewModel.java
 com.example.carsevices.ui.slideshow.SlideshowViewModel
com/example/carsevices/databinding/ActivitySecurityCodeBinding.java
 com.example.carsevices.databinding.ActivitySecurityCodeBinding
com/example/carsevices/PicassoClient.java
 com.example.carsevices.PicassoClient
com/example/carsevices/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.example.carsevices.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/example/carsevices/Departments.java
 com.example.carsevices.Departments
com/example/carsevices/ui/gallery/GalleryViewModel.java
 com.example.carsevices.ui.gallery.GalleryViewModel
com/example/carsevices/databinding/ActivityFullscreenBinding.java
 com.example.carsevices.databinding.ActivityFullscreenBinding
com/example/carsevices/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 com.example.carsevices.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
com/example/carsevices/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.carsevices.LoginActivity
 com.example.carsevices.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.carsevices.LoginActivity$2
 com.example.carsevices.LoginActivity$2$1
 com.example.carsevices.LoginActivity$2$1$1
com/example/carsevices/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.carsevices.BuildConfig
com/example/carsevices/FullscreenActivity.java
 com.example.carsevices.FullscreenActivity
 com.example.carsevices.FullscreenActivity$1
 com.example.carsevices.FullscreenActivity$2
 com.example.carsevices.FullscreenActivity$3
 com.example.carsevices.FullscreenActivity$4
 com.example.carsevices.FullscreenActivity$5
com/example/carsevices/databinding/ForgetpasswordBinding.java
 com.example.carsevices.databinding.ForgetpasswordBinding
com/example/carsevices/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.carsevices.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.example.carsevices.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
 com.example.carsevices.ui.home.HomeFragment$2
com/example/carsevices/SecurityCodeActivity.java
 com.example.carsevices.SecurityCodeActivity
com/example/carsevices/databinding/ActivityMainUserBinding.java
 com.example.carsevices.databinding.ActivityMainUserBinding
com/example/carsevices/products.java
 com.example.carsevices.products
com/example/carsevices/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.carsevices.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
